Added PAR request explanation (#451)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/pid-eaa-issuance.rst

**Steps 5-6 (PAR Request)**: The Wallet Instance:

  * creates a fresh PKCE code verifier, Wallet Attestation Proof of Possession, and ``state`` parameter for the *Pushed Authorization Request*.

>   * provides to the PID/(Q)EAA Provider PAR endpoint the parameters previously listed above, using the ``request`` parameter (hereafter Request Object) according to :rfc:`9126` Section 3 to prevent Request URI swapping attack. PAR Request allows to authenticate client before interactions with the user occur. So that it is possible to refuse illegitimate requests at the beginning of the flow preventing spoofing attack, tampering or improper uses of the authorization request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * provides to the PID/(Q)EAA Provider PAR endpoint the parameters previously listed above, using the ``request`` parameter (hereafter Request Object) according to :rfc:`9126` Section 3 to prevent Request URI swapping attack. The Pushed Authorization Request enables client authentication prior to any user interaction. This step allows for the early rejection of illegitimate requests, effectively preventing spoofing attacks, tampering, and improper use of authorization requests.
```

Reviewer: @rohe ^
